README.md, before:

# <img alt="Word Replace Max" src="./assets/word-replacer-max-logo_26.png" /> Word Replacer Max

A browser extension for replacing text on webpages.

## Available for [<img alt="chrome logo" src="./assets/chrome_logo.svg" /> Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/word-replacer-max/gnemoflnihonmkiacnagnbnlppkamfgo) and [<img alt="firefox logo" src="./assets/firefox_logo.svg" /> Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/word-replacer-max)

<img alt="replace words and phrases" src="./assets/store-page-1.png" style="max-width: 100%; width: 410px"></img>
<img alt="flexible domain settings" src="./assets/store-page-2.png" style="max-width: 100%; width: 410px"></img>
<img alt="ruleset sharing" src="./assets/store-page-3.png" style="max-width: 100%; width: 410px"></img>
<img alt="highlight and replace" src="./assets/store-page-5.png" style="max-width: 100%; width: 410px"></img>

# Building locally

To get started, you'll need:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en) v18 or higher
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) package manager

## Instructions

## Configure environment

Set your desired target environment using `NODE_ENV`:

```
export NODE_ENV=development
```

### Steps

1. Install dependencies
   ```
   yarn install
   ```
   - ⚠️ IMPORTANT: In order to test in Firefox, you need to build AmplifyJS
     locally and link its `@aws-amplify/core` package to this project (bug
     report here: https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js/pull/14180):
     1. Update the fork https://github.com/dan-lovelace/amplify-js and clone it
     1. Checkout branch `core/fix-convert-firefox-context`
     1. Run `yarn build`
     1. Run `yarn link-all`
     1. Change back into the WRM repository
     1. Run `yarn link @aws-amplify/core`
     1. Run `yarn install` (use with the `--force` flag when `unlink`ing)
1. Run the `build` command using whichever manifest version you desire (`2` or
   `3`)
   ```
   yarn build 3
   ```
1. The resulting build exists in the `dist` directory which can be used to load
   an unpacked extension in your browser

# Developing

After following the dependency installation instructions above, use the
`start:*` command to start a development server using a given manifest version.
For version 2:

```
NODE_ENV=development yarn start:2
```

File changes can be seen in real-time and may require the extension to be
reloaded.

## Running tests

### Prerequisites

- A file `packages/popup/cypress/.env.private` populated with testing
  credentials - Contact the repository owner if you do not have these.

### Steps

To run all tests:

1. Start the Popup development server in test mode
   ```sh
   VITE_MODE=test yarn workspace @worm/popup dev
   ```
1. Use the "test all" command
   ```sh
   yarn test:all
   ```

See the individual `test:*` commands in `package.json` to run specific types of
tests.

# Packaging

1. Bump the version in `package.json`
1. Run the `package` command, targeting the correct manifest version
   ```
   yarn package 3
   ```
1. The resulting package exists in the `versions` directory which is to be used
   when uploading a new version to the extension stores

Commit message:

Improved handling of user inputs
The handling of user inputs (namely the node environment and the manifest version) has been improved.

A new module called user-input.ts has been added. It contains all code relevant to validating such user input.

Previously, different files had individually validated these inputs, leading to inconsistent handling and error messages and duplicated code. Those validations in different files have been replaced with calls to the new module.
The error messages have also been improved so that they are easier to understand.

Additionally, some code has been cleaned up and the README has been improved so that it actually explains the NODE_ENV environment variable and its impact.

README.md, after:

# <img alt="Word Replace Max" src="./assets/word-replacer-max-logo_26.png" /> Word Replacer Max

A browser extension for replacing text on webpages.

## Available for [<img alt="chrome logo" src="./assets/chrome_logo.svg" /> Chrome](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/word-replacer-max/gnemoflnihonmkiacnagnbnlppkamfgo) and [<img alt="firefox logo" src="./assets/firefox_logo.svg" /> Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/word-replacer-max)

<img alt="replace words and phrases" src="./assets/store-page-1.png" style="max-width: 100%; width: 410px"></img>
<img alt="flexible domain settings" src="./assets/store-page-2.png" style="max-width: 100%; width: 410px"></img>
<img alt="ruleset sharing" src="./assets/store-page-3.png" style="max-width: 100%; width: 410px"></img>
<img alt="highlight and replace" src="./assets/store-page-5.png" style="max-width: 100%; width: 410px"></img>

# Building locally

To get started, you'll need:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en) v18 or higher
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) package manager

## Instructions

1. Set the target environment
   There are three different possible environments: `production`, `development` and `test`.
   You have to set your desired target environment using the environment variable `NODE_ENV` to one of those three values in order to build the project (like `export NODE_ENV=development`).
   The selected environment only changes linked the origin website & API endpoints for the integrated account system: While `production` connects the extension to to the production API, `development` and `test` allow it to connect to a local running API for debugging and testing purposes.

1. Install dependencies
   ```
   yarn install
   ```
   - ⚠️ IMPORTANT: In order to test in Firefox, you need to build AmplifyJS
     locally and link its `@aws-amplify/core` package to this project (bug
     report here: https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-js/pull/14180):
     1. Update the fork https://github.com/dan-lovelace/amplify-js and clone it
     1. Checkout branch `core/fix-convert-firefox-context`
     1. Run `yarn build`
     1. Run `yarn link-all`
     1. Change back into the WRM repository
     1. Run `yarn link @aws-amplify/core`
     1. Run `yarn install` (use with the `--force` flag when `unlink`ing)

1. Run the `build` command using whichever manifest version you desire (`2` or
   `3`)
   ```
   yarn build 3
   ```

1. The resulting build exists in the `dist` directory which can be used to load
   an unpacked extension in your browser

# Developing

After following the dependency installation instructions above, use the
`start:*` command to start a development server using a given manifest version.
For version 2:

```
NODE_ENV=development yarn start:2
```

File changes can be seen in real-time and may require the extension to be
reloaded.

## Running tests

### Prerequisites

- A file `packages/popup/cypress/.env.private` populated with testing
  credentials - Contact the repository owner if you do not have these.

### Steps

To run all tests:

1. Start the Popup development server in test mode
   ```sh
   VITE_MODE=test yarn workspace @worm/popup dev
   ```
1. Use the "test all" command
   ```sh
   yarn test:all
   ```

See the individual `test:*` commands in `package.json` to run specific types of
tests.

# Packaging

1. Bump the version in `package.json`
1. Run the `package` command, targeting the correct manifest version
   ```
   yarn package 3
   ```
1. The resulting package exists in the `versions` directory which is to be used
   when uploading a new version to the extension stores
